docs: clarify redirects behavior with pages router (#60610)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/05-next-config-js/redirects.mdx

Redirects are checked before the filesystem which includes pages and `/public` files.

> In Pages Router redirects are not applied to client-side routing (`Link`, `router.push`), unless [Middleware](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware) is present and matches the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Pages Router, redirects are not applied to client-side routing (`Link`, `router.push`) unless [Middleware](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware) is present and matches the path.
```

Redirects are checked before the filesystem which includes pages and `/public` files.

> Redirects are not applied to client-side routing (`Link`, `router.push`), unless [Middleware](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware) is present and matches the path.

Reviewer: Let's add a note to say this only applies to the Pages Router, not delete it. I don't make permission to suggest changes to your fork.

Author: I agree, removing wasn't the best idea especially when we can just show this sentence solely for Pages Router with `<PagesOnly />`.

I updated the text, hope this does it :)
